[ann] We're in
the extra time of
the tournament's finals.
- In just ten minutes,
-[grunt]
- one team will be crowned
the champions.
[Kojiro] [panting]
Now that he's injured,
I'll be able to score
on him easily!
[grunts]
[ann]
And he's got it!
The goalkeeper
Wakabayashi has the ball.
Impossible!
[grunt]
Hyuga...
Even if I break my leg,
you won't score a goal.
We won't lose to you!
I'll show you.
Tsubasa!
[ann] The goalkeeper
Wakabayashi clears the ball
with a long pass.
With Hyuga in
the opposite side,
he won't be able to
catch up to Tsubasa,
who's totally uncovered.
[narr] Episode 26:
Illusory Goal.
[ann] Captain Tsubasa
has the ball...
He confidently runs
towards the goal.
Quickly, don't let him
get near.
[Roberto]
Look, Tsubasa...
This wrapping will lessen
the pain
you're feeling right now.
You'll be able to kick
the ball with confidence...
but you need to know
something important
beforehand.
When you're using this,
you won't be able to move
the same way.
You'll have to be
more careful now.
Mhm.
Take this!
[yelling]
[ann] And a barrage
of slide tackles
comes from Meiwa.
[grunts]
Impossible.
[ann] Tsubasa dodges
the players
using only his right leg,
and doesn't let Meiwa
take the ball from him.
What a way to dribble!
-Yeah!
-Great job!
You can do it, Tsubasa!
[grunt]
Here!
[ann] Tsubasa shoots
to the goal
[Ken]
What a lousy kick.
[gasp]
[ann] Wait a second,
Misaki runs up to change
- the direction of the ball
-[grunt]
to the other corner
with a diving header.
- How incredible!
-That's right!
He won't be able to
stop that shot.
[grunt]
[ann] It falls in
the hands of the goalie!
-Impossible!
-[gasp]
[grunt]
[gasps]
That one was way too close.
He guessed our combination.
[grunt]
This can't happen.
We can't use the same play
to trick him anymore.
Here!
By the way,
what's Team Meiwa's
goalie's name?
[assistant] Yes, ma'am.
That young kid's name
is Ken Wakashimazu.
He plays very well.
[Takeshi]
Captain!
This time...
I'll score on you!
-Wakabayashi!
[yelling]
[gasp]
[grunt]
[chuckle]
What was that?
Awesome, what a great save!
Here it goes!
It would appear that
both goalies
have played excellently,
ma'am.
I'm just wondering
which team will be the one
to score a goal first.
Offense is the key
to winning,
but defense is
a vital factor this time.
[grunt] Here!
Taro!
Tsubasa should shoot.
-[gasp]
-[grunt]
[gasp]
Thank you, Misaki.
[grunt]
[ann] And Nankatsu's
captain jumps.
He's going to shoot
a volley.
[grunt]
[gasps]
[groan]
[grunt]
[ann]
Incredible.
- The goalie pulls off
-Good play, Wakashimazu.
a spectacular move
to get to the ball.
This can't be happening.
How'd he do that?
No.
Does he live in a circus
or what?
How are they still running
under this heat?
I can't even breathe,
I can't imagine
how exhausted they are.
Yeah, it's really hot.
[ann] Both teams are
giving it their all
in the extra time.
Not even this heat
can make them
lower their guards.
[grunt]
[wince]
[gasps]
[ann]
What's happening?!
- Misaki the genius
-[groaning]
is kneeling of a sudden.
It looks like he injured
his shin after the impact.
He's incapable of moving.
This is our opportunity.
[yelling]
That's right, come after me.
If all four of them
attack...
they won't be able to
run after Tsubasa on time.
I'm wide open.
[ann] Misaki passes it
to Tsubasa
at the last moment.
[gasps]
[gasp]
[scream]
-Misaki!
Misaki sacrificed himself
to get me this opportunity.
[pant]
This one's for you, Misaki!
[grunt]
-[grunt]
-[ann] And here's Tsubasa
shooting his famous
overhead kick
in front of Meiwa's goal.
Take this, Wakashimazu!
-Go in!
You gotta catch it!
You wasted
your last opportunity.
You won't score from
that distance!
Impossible.
[scream]
[ann] The ball changed
course all of a sudden,
hitting Meiwa's
goalkeeper
who couldn't do anything
to stop it.
[grunt]
[whistle]
[gasps]
[ann] Tsubasa's
overhead kick
actually has
some swerve to it.
That made the ball
- spin into a curve
-[gasp]
- that the goalie
-Huh?
Wakashimazu
couldn't have guessed!
- What a spectacular final!
Uh...
However, the referee
blew his whistle
just as the ball
crossed the goal's line.
We don't know if he'll
disallow the goal or not.
It's no goal.
Yes, it was.
It was a goal, ref.
There's no goal.
-Huh?
-[gasp]
What in the world, man?
That's so unfair.
The referee
should have waited.
I can't believe it.
This ref is the worst.
-[gasps]
-[ann] The referee
just announced
that it was not a goal!
What an incredible
closing.
-Aww...
No!
[gasp]
[grunt]
Misaki!
Are you injured, Misaki?
I'm doing okay.
You don't have to worry
about me.
Come, I'll take you.
[grunts]
I'm really sorry.
I tried to score a goal,
but...
Don't worry about it.
Thank you so much.
Hmm...
The first one to score
will win the tournament.
That's right.
Both goalkeepers still have
a lot of energy
to keep playing,
so I think it'll come down
to just one goal.
With those extra
ten minutes,
there's more of a chance
for another goal, right?
Yeah, in theory.
But listen, both teams
are way too tired
to last those extra
ten minutes.
That's why they'll have to
give it their all
in the following
five minutes, my brother.
That's exactly why
it's so hard to say
who'll come out on top
in the end.
Exactly.
[ann] Very well.
We're now going into
the second half
of extra time. Five minutes.
My dear son, don't give up.
You gave me your word,
Misaki.
If you feel like
you can't keep playing...
I'll have to
make the change.
You'll be leaving the field
by your own will.
Tsubasa...
don't you feel nostalgic?
Our first match together
was also in extra time.
Mhm.
I remember it.
Prepare yourself,
Kojiro Hyuga.
[narr]
And we're back.
[whistle]
[ann] And we're starting
with the second half
of extra time.
Nankatsu is attacking
with their captain
in the front.
We're not letting him shoot.
Never.
We have to score a goal.
We have to do it for Misaki.
Yeah!
[ann] Everyone in
the stadium
can feel the tension.
No one is batting an eye.
The final between
Nankatsu and Meiwa
is nearly at its end.
But no one,
not a single soul,
knows who'll take home
the victory.
Tsubasa heads on
with the ball.
He can't pass the ball
in front of him...
-[grunt]
-[ann] and he tries
a frenetic kick from outside
- the danger zone.
-[grunt]
And it's no problem
for Meiwa's goalie.
Captain!
You have to score
for all of us.
It's yours.
Yeah!
[grunt]
-Don't lose the rhythm.
-You can do it, Big Bro!
[ann] Now Meiwa's
captain runs ahead
with the ball.
Let's stop him!
[yell]
[ann] Hyuga shoots from
outside the goalie's box!
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[grunt]
[ann] And the goalkeeper
Wakabayashi
captures the ball
effortlessly.
No!
[ann] Both captains
are too exhausted
to kick with
the same energy and
- the clock isn't helping.
-[panting]
As I see it,
the first one to score
is going to come out
winning this, ma'am.
[ann] Now Tsubasa's
got possession of the ball.
[Tsubasa]
I have to win.
I'll win so I can
go to Brazil.
I'll go with Roberto
to train.
It's my dream.
I'll go Brazil
and I'll become
the best player
in the whole world.
[Kojiro]
I won't lose.
I will win
to get into Toho Academy.
I'll be
a professional player
and I'll give my family
a bright future.
[panting]
-[grunts]
-[ann] It's truly a duel
of the titans,
ladies and gentlemen.
-[grunt]
-No.
I have to do something
to help Tsubasa.
If not, Hyuga will...
-[grunts]
-No, he needs my help.
I have to help him
in any way I can.
[ann] This is
the last battle
between Meiwa
and Nankatsu.
Any mistake is critical.
Who will win?
Team Nankatsu
or Team Meiwa?
-You can do it, Tsubasa!
-Let's go, team!
Don't let him take the ball
from you.
[grunts]
[grunt]
I have to help out Tsu--
[groaning]
My foot!
On my way, Captain!
-Now!
-[gasp]
[ann] Hyuga finally
secures the ball,
but Tsubasa is going
toe to toe with him.
[grunting]
-No!
-[grunt]
[grunts]
Tsubasa...
[screams]
[grunts]
[ann]
What just happened?
Both captains
fell on the ground.
And the ball goes out.
Meiwa will take
the throw-in.
[gasps]
-[Takeru] Hey, Big Brother!
-Huh?
Don't you give up.
You can still make a goal.
[grunt]
And I will.
Get up, Hyuga.
I need you to stand up!
Takeshi...
[grunts]
Tsubasa...
It's yours, Captain.
[pants]
[groaning]
[grunt]
[ann] It looks like Tsubasa
has no strength left
- to play the match.
-Tsubasa!
This is a good opportunity
for Meiwa.
-You can do it, Big Bro!
This one's for you!
I'll be the one to score
the winning goal
of the match.
You won't shoot so easily,
Hyuga.
Nankatsu, we have to
stop him no matter what.
-Yeah!
[growl]
[grunt]
[gasp]
[gasps]
What's he doing?
[ann]
Incredible,
Kojiro Hyuga manages
to fool the defense
without touching
a single player.
Damn it, Hyuga is changing
up his style of play.
[panting]
[groaning]
[ann] Hyuga has
no energy either!
It's now or never.
[grunts]
Good job, Ishizaki!
[gasp]
-[pants]
-[Takeshi] Get up
right now, Hyuga.
Captain, this will be
my last pass.
Score a goal for
the whole team.
[grunt]
Takeshi!
-[groaning]
-[ann] And the ball is
going towards Hyuga.
[Kojiro] Takeshi, I promised
you we'd win this match.
And that we'd win together.
And now, I have to honor
this pass...
and score once and for all.
[yelling]
[gasps]
[ann]
Amazing!
Hyuga the Tiger
is suspended in the air
and he manages to shoot
an overhead kick!
[Genzo]
If he scores on me,
I won't be able to
look at my teammates
in the eye.
I have to stop him
or everything we're done
for now will be for nothing.
Take this Wakabayashi.
We'll be the ones
to win this tournament!
[yell]
[ann] But Wakabayashi
-[gasp]
- stops it!
-[grunt]
-Be careful, Genzo!
-[gasp]
[grunt]
How'd you like that, Hyuga?
Good job, Wakabayashi!
[whistle]
[ann] And there's
the ref's whistle!
The referee signals
the end of
the extra time's
second half.
- But wait just a minute...
-[panting]
it looks like
they'll be adding
an additional extra time.
The match between
Nankatsu and Meiwa
- is far from over.
-[panting]
Looks like no one wants
to leave this in a tie.
This is
the last opportunity
to determine
the sole winner.
If no one manages
to score,
both teams will be
the champions
of the tournament.
Seriously?
These kids look
very exhausted.
If they both win,
it'd be more fair, right?
Oh!
I don't plan on leaving.
You guys need me.
[chuckle]
Taro...
Tell me, if they both
become champions,
who will you choose?
Tsubasa Ozora or
Kojiro Hyuga?
[chuckle]
Don't worry about it.
I already decided my player.
I'm sure Tsubasa's match
is finally over by now.
I have faith that
you were able to win
the tournament, son.
I know your life is
inside the pitch.
You're unique, my son.
These clouds will give
Japan a refreshing rain...
I hope it helps you.
Huh?
-Huh?
-It's rain!
Huh?
Look guys!
-It's raining.
-[laugh]
[laughs]
[laughing]
What a refreshing shower.
Yeah.
This will give us
the energy we need
to win this time around.
I hope that with this water,
you'll have enough energy
not to fall down
on the ground
like you did in
that last play, Tsubasa.
[chuckle]
I'm alive and kicking now.
We would've won the first
match against Meiwa
if we had extra time.
What're you talking about,
Ishizaki?
Remember? In that match,
you got injured
and you weren't even
playing all that well.
Yeah, how could we forget?
Takeshi and I
were arguing over
who would replace you
on the field.
We'd say, "We'll see!"
Yeah, but it ended up
being Misaki
who took your place.
That day, Team Nankatsu's
famous golden duo was born.
Hey, guys, I don't want you
to overexert yourselves.
We'll both be champions
if we keep the game tied.
I don't agree with that,
Coach.
-Huh?
Tsubasa...
We lost against Meiwa
during the first round,
remember?
I won't be satisfied
with a tie.
This time, we will play
to win the tournament.
-Ah, yes!
-Yeah, come on, guys!
-Let's do it!
-Want some water?
It'll be an all-out war.
-Huh?
Team Meiwa doesn't draw.
We play to win.
That's Meiwa's
style of play.
Now is when we need to
attack more.
Don't you agree with me,
coach Kira?
You're right.
We won't be happy with
a measly draw.
You have to attack
until you achieve victory.
Looks like the soccer gods
smiled upon us
and brought the rain
to give Tsubasa
all the energy he lost.
Exactly. That's what
it looks like, ma'am.
Tsubasa...
Forgive me.
You know, I'm afraid
if I keep playing...
I will end up being in
the way of our teammates.
Are you saying that...
cuz your foot is hurting?
The pain isn't the problem.
I would keep playing
even if my foot was broken.
It's just that
my performance
as a player...
[Tsubasa]
Stop talking nonsense.
Huh?
Misaki, I need you
and Wakabayashi
now more than ever
to be with me
so we can score a goal.
But...
It's true, Taro.
If we want to score on
Wakashimazu...
You're our last resort.
All we've got left is
Nankatsu's golden duo.
-Hm...
We'll do this...
We'll let Meiwa
attack first.
-Huh?
I want you to rest up
until I give the signal.
Are you sure, Genzo?
Hey, everyone,
we're going to defend first.
We have to stop them
from scoring,
so Taro and Tsubasa
can get their energy back.
And then, Tsubasa and Misaki
will attack.
Great!
That's an excellent plan.
Let's go ahead
and defend our goal.
I think it's
a really good plan!
Yeah, that way,
we'll be able to
recover our strength.
[ann] And we're back
once more.
The adrenaline
is pumping!
Team Meiwa is
initiating the match.
Let's see who'll be
the winner.
Everyone attack!
-Yeah!
Don't forget it.
We have to defend the goal!
-It's mine.
-[gasp]
-[groan]
-[grunt]
Cover Hyuga well!
They're going to pass it
to Hyuga.
Cover him!
[pant]
Here, Captain!
[ann] Sawada and Hyuga
show off
- their excellent teamwork
-[grunt]
- and great precision.
-[gasp]
-We gotta stop him.
-[pant] Yeah!
[panting]
Here!
[yell]
[chuckle]
-[growl]
-Great save, Wakabayashi.
[ann] Hyuga approaches
dangerously.
[yell]
[yelling]
[grunt]
-No!
[grunting]
[ann] The defenders
can not stop Hyuga.
[yelling]
-What?!
-[grunt]
You won't be getting
through us this time.
Now you'll see our defense's
true strength.
-[grunt] Yeah!
[grunting]
[scream]
[ann] Hyuga is
knocked down
by the powerful defense
from Nankatsu
and the ball rolls
towards the goalkeeper.
Good one, Takasugi!
[grunt]
Move it!
You gotta cover
Tsubasa and Misaki.
-Quick!
-Yeah!
[smirk]
Urabe!
Huh? Why'd he pass
to a defender?
Izawa!
[grunting]
[ann]
What's happening?
Team Nankatsu's
passing the ball
without attacking.
Huh?
[ann] Tsubasa and Misaki
haven't moved a single inch.
Why aren't Tsubasa
and Misaki
going for the ball, Roberto?
It's part of their strategy.
Huh?
They want to save
their strength
for the second half.
[ann] Once again,
we see Hyuga
be chased around by
team Nankatsu's defenders.
They have Sawada
and Hyuga covered,
but they're not letting
anyone else shoot either.
Their defense is stopping
every single player.
Until now, Wakabayashi
has managed to keep the ball
- off the goal.
-[grunt]
And that shot
is no problem
for Nankatsu's
goalkeeper.
[grunt]
Damn you, Wakabayashi.
[ann] Wakabayashi moves
like a deity in his goal.
[wince]
We just have to
hold on for one more minute
and we'll be ready
to attack.
I can't even feel
my legs anymore.
But we have to defend,
Nakayama.
Yeah, Urabe.
[Ken]
How strange.
Nankatsu hasn't attempted
an attack.
Misaki nor Tsubasa
have moved from their spots.
They're supposed
to be injured.
That's it!
I know their plan.
Captain, Nankatsu
isn't going to attack
in this half of
the extra time.
They're just
going to defend.
What?
They're letting
Tsubasa and Misaki rest up,
so they can attack
in the second half.
So you found us out, huh?
You're a bright one.
He might be smart,
Ishizaki...
But we'll defend
with everything.
They won't score on us.
I don't care
what kind of strategy
they're trying to pull off.
We are Team Meiwa
and we're always
on the offensive.
I'll win no matter
what the cost is,
so get the hell
outta my way.
-[scream]
-I hope you're ready, Genzo.
[ann] Hyuga opens
a path through sheer force.
Don't let Hyuga shoot.
No!
I have to stop him to keep
the score from changing.
If I can't do that...
our strategy will have
been for nothing
- and Meiwa will win.
-[grunt]
Wakabayashi!
Ah!
-[gasp]
-[grunt]
[ann] Hyuga doesn't shoot.
He passes.
But what's this?
The goalkeeper
Wakashimazu
gets out of his own goal
to try and shoot instead.
[Kojiro]
Make the shot, Ken.
You have all your energy,
you have to shoot for me.
Kick it!
Everything's riding on this.
[yell]
Wakabayashi!
[Genzo]
I won't allow it.
As long as I'm still here,
you won't score on us.
[grunt]
[ann] And the ball
is Wakabayashi's.
-No, no!
-[whistle]
It's impossible.
[ann] Once again,
the star goalkeeper
has demonstrated
his prowess.
And the referee signals
the end of the first half.
[growl]
Wakabayashi,
-you blocked the shot!
-[laugh]
We defended just like
we promised.
[chuckles]
I'll admit
it was a good shot.
The inner corner is
very hard to reach
for a goalie.
He knew that
and tried to take advantage
- of my weak spot.
-[growling]
Tsubasa, Misaki,
we did what we promised.
Right now, it's time for
our golden duo
to take action.
You ready, Misaki?
Wakabayashi and
the rest of the guys
kept their promise
and defended our goal.
And now, it's time for us
to do our part.
Yeah!